Use all valid routes during blinded path construction (#9334)
lightningnetwork/lnd: docs/release-notes/release-notes-0.20.0.md

# Bug Fixes

* [Fixed a bug](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9334) in
constructing blinded payment paths for invoices. The restriction on the maximum
number of paths is now applied later during pathfinding, ensuring that all
potential paths are considered before filtering out ineligible ones. This allows

> for better utilization of the available paths for payments.

Author: Sure, I'll put the doc commit at the last position. 

This PR addresses the bug, allowing `BuildBlindedPaymentPaths` to utilize all available routes.

> * [Fixed a bug](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9334) when 
> constructing blinded payment paths for an invoice, we select up to MaxNumPaths 
> candidate routes and pass them forward. This process may result in running out 
> of paths if some of them are discarded for any reason later. This PR return all 
> possible routes and then do the MaxPath cap later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fixed a bug](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/pull/9334) in constructing blinded payment paths for invoices. The restriction on the maximum number of paths is now applied later during pathfinding, ensuring that all potential paths are considered before filtering out ineligible ones. This allows for better utilization of the available paths for payments.
```
